Allow extends from empty base-class and define empty class. (#3362)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/classes.tex

\subsection{Combining Base Classes and Other Elements}\label{restriction-on-combining-base-classes-and-other-elements}\label{combining-base-classes-and-other-elements}

> It is not legal to combine equations, algorithms, components, non-empty base classes (see \cref{empty-class}), or protected elements with an extends from an array class, a class with non-empty \lstinline[language=grammar]!base-prefix!, a \firstuse{simple type} (\lstinline!Real!, \lstinline!Boolean!, \lstinline!Integer!, \lstinline!String! and enumeration types), or any class transitively extending from an array class, a class with non-empty \lstinline[language=grammar]!base-prefix!, or a simple type.

Reviewer: Better to use definition:
```suggestion
It is not legal to combine equations, algorithms, components, non-empty base classes (see below), or protected elements with an extends from an array class, a class with non-empty \lstinline[language=grammar]!base-prefix!, a \firstuse{simple type} (\lstinline!Real!, \lstinline!Boolean!, \lstinline!Integer!, \lstinline!String! and enumeration types), or any class transitively extending from an array class, a class with non-empty \lstinline[language=grammar]!base-prefix!, or a simple type.

\begin{definition}[Empty class]\index{empty-class}
A class without equations, algorithms, or components, and where any base-classes are themselves empty.
\end{definition}

\begin{nonnormative}
An empty class may contain annotations, such as graphics, and can be used more freely as base-class than other classes.
\end{nonnormative}
```

The variables \lstinline!v1! and \lstinline!v2! are instances of this local class and thus have a nominal value of 1000.
\end{example}

> \subsection{Empty Class}\label{empty-class}
> An empty class is a class without equations, algorithms, and components, and where any base-classes are themselves empty.
> 
> They may contain graphics - and can be used more freely as base-classes than other classes.
> 

Reviewer: Replaced by definition in suggestion above:
```suggestion
```
